docs(spider): Add "Using Spider with CLP" guide for Spider-orchestrated compression via the Helm chart. (#2457)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-docs/guides-using-spider-scheduler.md

     compression_coordinator:
       logging_level: "INFO"
       # How often the coordinator checks for newly created compression jobs.
       job_polling_interval_millisecs: 100
       # Maximum number of times a failed compression task can be retried.
       compression_task_max_retry: 1
       # Maximum number of times a failed commit task can be retried.
       commit_task_max_retry: 1

     logs_input:
       # In the current release, compression jobs coordinated by `compression-coordinator` require
       # input logs to be stored in S3.
       type: "s3"
       aws_authentication:
         type: "credentials"
         credentials:
           access_key_id: "<access-key-id>"
           secret_access_key: "<secret-access-key>"

     archive_output:
       storage:
         # In the current release, `compression-coordinator` supports only S3 archive output.
         type: "s3"
         s3_config:
           region_code: "us-east-2"
           bucket: "<archives-bucket>"
           key_prefix: "archives/"
           aws_authentication:
             type: "credentials"
             credentials:
               access_key_id: "<access-key-id>"

>                secret_access_key: "<secret-access-key>"

Author: Template only, no harm.

   ```

2. Install (or upgrade) the Helm chart with the Spider values:

   ```bash
   helm install clp clp/clp DOCS_VAR_HELM_VERSION_FLAG -f spider-values.yaml

>    ```

Author: being consistent with Presto guide.

3. Verify that `compression-coordinator` and Spider pods are running:

   ```bash
   kubectl get pods | grep -E "spider|compression-coordinator"
   ```

   The pods may take a few minutes to become ready. During startup, some Spider pods may restart
   while the Spider database is being initialized. A small number of restarts during this period is

>    expected.

Author: I think this wording is fine

and will be introduced in a future release.

Spider is planned to become the default job execution framework for CLP, eventually replacing the
existing Celery-based job orchestration components.
:::

## Deployment

When Spider is enabled, compatible CLP coordinators are automatically deployed and submit supported
jobs to Spider for scheduling and execution. Currently, Spider and its related CLP components can be
enabled only in [Kubernetes deployments][k8s-deployment] using the CLP Helm chart.

:::{note}
Spider is not supported in Docker Compose deployments in the current release. Support for Docker
Compose is planned for a future release.
:::

### Kubernetes (Helm)

When deploying CLP on Kubernetes using Helm, enable Spider by setting `spider.enabled` to `true`.
The CLP Helm chart will then automatically deploy the following components:

* **Spider subchart**: Deploys all the Spider services required to schedule and execute jobs.
* **compression-coordinator**: Coordinates supported CLP compression jobs and submits them to
  Spider for execution.

:::{note}
In the current release, `compression-coordinator` supports only compression jobs that use certain

> CLP package configurations. See "Using compression-coordinator" for the current limitations.

Reviewer: Once #2456 is merged we should refer to the coordinator's guide.

Author: Note to myself, do a pass after all deps PRs are merged

Reviewer: Actually we should probably merge this PR first since it's self-contained. #2456 will refer to content in this PR as well but it needs to refer to specific sections.

Author: Sure, but be sure to add linking in the content we wrote in this PR back in #2456, for example, "Using compression-coordinator" in this sentence right here worth a link

Reviewer: Yes, I will add it after this PR is merged.

:::

#### Set up

1. Create a values file to enable Spider and its related CLP components.

   ```{code-block} yaml
   :caption: spider-values.yaml

   spider:
     enabled: true

     # Optional Spider configuration passed directly to the Spider subchart.
     # The values below are the defaults and can be adjusted as needed.
     spiderConfig:
       storage:
         log_level: "INFO"
         port: 50051
       scheduler:
         log_level: "INFO"
       worker:
         replicas: 4

   clpConfig:
     # Optional `compression-coordinator` configuration.
     # The values below are the defaults and can be adjusted as needed.
     compression_coordinator:
       logging_level: "INFO"
       # How often the coordinator checks for newly created compression jobs.
       job_polling_interval_millisecs: 100
       # Maximum number of times a failed compression task can be retried.
       compression_task_max_retry: 1
       # Maximum number of times a failed commit task can be retried.

>        commit_task_max_retry: 1

Reviewer: Since we don't have `compression_coordinator` in CLP config's template yet, I've added more fields that users may want to adjust. The compression coordinator doc will mention these options. Other options are omitted since I think they're not really user-oriented.

       type: "s3"
       aws_authentication:
         type: "credentials"
         credentials:
           access_key_id: "<access-key-id>"
           secret_access_key: "<secret-access-key>"

     archive_output:
       storage:
         # In the current release, `compression-coordinator` supports only S3 archive output.
         type: "s3"
         s3_config:
           region_code: "us-east-2"
           bucket: "<archives-bucket>"
           key_prefix: "archives/"
           aws_authentication:
             type: "credentials"
             credentials:
               access_key_id: "<access-key-id>"
               secret_access_key: "<secret-access-key>"
   ```

2. Install (or upgrade) the Helm chart with the Spider values:

   ```bash
   helm install clp clp/clp DOCS_VAR_HELM_VERSION_FLAG -f spider-values.yaml
   ```

3. Verify that `compression-coordinator` and Spider pods are running:

   ```bash
   kubectl get pods | grep -E "spider|compression-coordinator"
   ```

   The pods may take a few minutes to become ready. During startup, some Spider pods may restart
   while the Spider database is being initialized. A small number of restarts during this period is
   expected.

>    The output should include pods similar to the following:

Author: ```suggestion
   The output should eventually include entries similar to the following:
```

by options for more advanced performance tuning.

Configure these settings in the CLP Helm values file.

### Common settings

The following settings are commonly adjusted when deploying Spider with CLP.

:::{confval} spider.enabled
:type: `bool`
:default: `false`

Enables Spider and deploys its related CLP components.
:::

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.worker.replicas
:type: `int`
:default: 4

Sets the number of Spider worker pods to deploy. Increase this value to allow more tasks to run
concurrently.
:::

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.worker.extra_volumes
:type: `list`
:default: Chart-defined defaults

Adds volumes to the Spider worker pods.

When overriding this list, retain the default entries that mount the CLP configuration and staging
directory.
:::

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.worker.extra_volume_mounts
:type: `list`
:default: Chart-defined defaults

Adds the volume mounts corresponding to {confval}`spider.spiderConfig.worker.extra_volumes` to the
Spider worker pods.

When overriding this list, retain the default entries that mount the CLP configuration and staging
directory.

> :::

Reviewer: Similarly, I'm not sure whether we actually need this. I think as long as CLP configs the mounting properly all tasks should be able to work as normal. What else mounts would users possibly need?

Author: User does not need to pass any env vars, we already pass the required env var for default value already.

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.worker.service_account_name
:type: `string`
:default: The CLP `ServiceAccount`

Specifies the Kubernetes `ServiceAccount` assigned to the Spider worker pods.

On Amazon EKS, configure this service account with the appropriate AWS permissions when Spider
workers need to access AWS resources. See [this guide][aws-eks-service-accounts] for details.

> :::

Reviewer: I don't think the original writing is clear about the `serviceAccount`. Can you check whether this is the intentional use?

Author: Removed as CLP package does not make it configurable by user

### Advanced tuning

:::{warning}
🚧 This section is still under construction.

> :::

Reviewer: Will be working on this section soon.

controls the trade-off between job-level concurrency and the amount of compute capacity available
to each active job.

In the current release, Spider executes only compression jobs, so this setting effectively limits
the number of compression jobs that can make progress concurrently.

Consider increasing this value when you want more jobs to make progress concurrently and sufficient
worker capacity is available. Decrease it when you prefer to concentrate compute resources on fewer
jobs at a time.
:::

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.scheduler.config.dispatch_queue_capacity
:type: `int`
:default: 16

Sets the capacity of the scheduler's task dispatch queue. This queue buffers tasks that are ready to
be dispatched to Spider workers.

As a general guideline, configure this value to approximately two to four times the number of
Spider workers. If you increase the number of workers, consider increasing this value as well so
that the scheduler can keep enough tasks available for dispatch and avoid underutilizing workers.
:::

:::{confval} spider.spiderConfig.scheduler.config.ready_task_capacity
:type: `int`

> :default: 1048576

Author: Maybe be explicit about 1048576 (1M)

Reviewer: Sorry, what do you mean?

   ```bash
   kubectl get pods | grep -E "spider|compression-coordinator"
   ```

   The pods may take a few minutes to become ready. During startup, some Spider pods may restart
   while the Spider database is being initialized. A small number of restarts during this period is
   expected.

   The output should eventually include entries similar to the following:

   ```text
   NAME                                       READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
   clp-compression-coordinator-...            1/1     Running   0          5m
   clp-spider-database-0                      1/1     Running   0          5m
   clp-spider-scheduler-...                   1/1     Running   2          5m
   clp-spider-storage-...                     1/1     Running   2          5m
   clp-spider-worker-...                      1/1     Running   2          5m
   ```

## Configure Spider

Spider can be configured to meet the resource, storage, and authentication requirements of your
workload. This section describes commonly adjusted settings for Spider in a CLP deployment, followed
by options for more advanced performance tuning.

Configure these settings in the CLP Helm values file.

> ### Common settings

Author: A note for myself, add external database set up config in #2493
